you are locked up in an endless
staircase you can eat and drink but
without a phone how long can you
persevere this man has been locked up
here for 35 years he poked a small hole
in the bottled water for bathing and put
nail clippers in rows to look in the
mirror he also ties toothbrushes into
combs why is that
in the past these two brothers were
robbers that day was the police
discovered him but he tried his best to
resist
then he hit the police he ran into this
series of stairs
that policeman chased without letting
him go he told them to immediately
surrender but the two of them continued
to run
the police had to shoot them down the
man who got hit by bullets also
threatened the police because this was
the first time he shot people suddenly
there was a strange explosion about
everyone doesn't care much they
immediately take the brother to the
hospital
but obviously this house is not high yet
going through the first floor is the
ninth floor
looking down they cannot see the bottom
the police told two people to stand
still for him to look the result is to
run for a while he goes back to the
two's place
what the hell is that the police took
the key to try to throw it down
unacceptably it falls from above they
found themselves still around but no
matter how this door was open
there was no reaction from outside the
three of them were miraculously locked
up there the next day the brother's
wound was seriously infected
he died the younger brother was very
indignant by the time the police didn't
pay attention
he immediately pointed the gun at the
head of the police and killed him
move the lens somewhere else it's on a
highway this is a family picnic the
couple and their children were on their
way to visit their uncle because his
stepfather did not know the situation
clearly he gives the daughter a drink of
guava juice by chance
the result is that she got her asthma
the wife told him to hurry and get the
asmus raised but he
unfortunately dropped it and stomped and
he unfortunately
picked it away everyone panicked they
immediately changed direction home but
what comes will come there was suddenly
a burst of noise it is no different from
the stairs just now
next the nightmare begins the band
discovered that when he tried to patch
this road
he returned to the original place for
example they went through this billboard
many times through the gas station
they tried to go into that wasteland
take a few steps they kept going back to
the same place in a strange way
they went back to the next staircase to
see how this is time passed
they have been locked up here for 35
years this waste that must sell a lot of
money the two depend on each other to
live
they soon forget the feud that year
every day the policeman eats and waits
to die he turned into a skinny old man
who cannot move by himself the younger
brother tries to exercise his body he
ceaselessly encourages himself to be
brave he hoped one day he would come
out of this hell food for them comes
from an automatic machine it's a bag
that they stole 35 years ago
zero o'clock every day it automatically
regenerates
just like before it cannot be used up
underneath we use the bottle to avoid
getting wet elsewhere
he also lined up the nail clippers into
the mirror he used a toothbrush to form
a comb
every day he actively runs several
rounds of stairs
he uses the time to plan and the
policeman did not stop painting on the
wall the face of his family members and
the life in his memory
there is a little complication of old
age on him he is about to die
on this highway the situation is not
much different the sister died at asthma
that year for 35 years
the couple lived like a zombie every day
relied on limitless food and convenience
stores to live in addition to eating is
drinking
life passes in misery and
emotionlessness how about their son
he creates a tent and lives alone on a
roadside every day he climbs the
mountain to practice and eats healthy
food he hopes one day he could get out
of here life like that just passes until
the mother
dies not long after that the stepfather
is dying before he took his last breath
he suddenly remembered something very
important when he was a little boy
he went through this curse once he and
his friend sat together on a bamboo ramp
unexpectedly the boatman accidentally
killed his friend then they spent 35
years floating in the river in that raft
when the boatman near death said that
never go in the red car
like 35 years ago someone told the
boatman not to get on the raft
he didn't listen so he was locked up on
the road for another 35 years
this curse will make people amnesia
until he dies he remembers that story
he said the boy will see a police car in
a few moments of course
don't get on that car then he died the
son buried him with his mother
not long after he actually saw a car he
was alert and walked around
then he came back to his camp however
being locked up for decades too hard
this car is a chance for him to start a
new life in the end
he couldn't help but open the door of
the car he lost his memory
a new mission suddenly appeared in his
brain he had to go and catch that thief
he shaved his beard wore the police's
clothes you know next
that is the story that happened at the
beginning after being locked up here for
35 years
the police was also dying he suddenly
shouted to the thief that he remembered
something very important
you must obey me not to go in the
elevator otherwise
he will enter the next miserable
situation reincarnation in the next 35
years
you will definitely die in there and
can't get out after saying it
he went away the thief turned around to
see the door of the elevator
a bewildered 35 years here everyone
wished to go out
then he was still going to the elevator
then he immediately lost his memory this
time his status is the servant
newlyweds come in they look very happy
he hands on helping the groom pick up
his bag and push the elevator to stop
three people come out together the man
threw away the bag in a strange way next
there was a strange beasting on the
groom this man had a serious allergy to
these and the medicine in the back fell
apart
the loud bang came out again you can
guess everything would happen next
right they are now locked up the story
is over the whole story is a bit brain
hacking but you can see the director
wanted to convey something very clear
the police accidentally opened fire the
man accidentally crushed an asthma spray
the younger brother dropped the bad
all mistakes made by negligence but in
our life many people fall into
self-blame after their mistakes
after that they will hide without daring
to face the truth
they cannot forgive themselves the
director means that everyone must be
brave to face life and dare to face the
past to free the suffering you have to
courage to move on on the path